# Project 2 - My Inspiration

## Simple HTML Pages

The purpose of this project is to build a simple page that describes a 
person that inspires you.

The world can be a dark place, and we all need a little inspiration.  
Who inspires you to make
the world a little brighter?

Select one historical or public figure.
Describe why they inspire you and what your response is toward them and 
what they believe in.
Create an article that invites your visitors to admire your hero.


### Goals

* Learn about Web Hosting with Github Pages.
* Build simple web pages by using basic HTML elements.
* Create a website using Github Pages.



## Steps

### Setup your development workflow
* Github Desktop
    * Make sure you pull recent code
* Notepad 
* Browser
    
    
### Work in small steps
* Test your work in the browser every minute
* Fix anything that doesn't look right
* Every 15 minutes commit and push your changes 


### Build Home Page
* Create page "bacs200/index.html"
* Add text from [Sample Page Template](https://sanchez-s.github.io/bacs200/index.html)
* Customize this page for you


### Build Template Page
* Create page "bacs200/template.html"
* Add text from [Page Template](https://sanchez-s.github.io/bacs200/template.html)
* Customize this page for you


### Build Profile Page
* Create page "bacs200/profile.html"
* Add text from [Profile Page](https://sanchez-s.github.io/bacs200/profile.html)
* Customize this page for you


### Build Inspire Page
* Create page "bacs200/inspire.html"
* Add text from [Sample Page Template](https://sanchez-s.github.io/bacs200/inspire.html)
* Write an article on your hero 
* Include a link to an online image


### Test Your Home Page
* Try this link at YOUR_WEBSITE/bacs200/index.html
* This should show your Home Page
* Keep working until this link takes you to your test page


### Grading Your Page 
* This project is worth 30 points
* To get full credit all pages should load
    * YOUR_WEBSITE/bacs200/index.html
    * YOUR_WEBSITE/bacs200/template.html
    * YOUR_WEBSITE/bacs200/profile.html
    * YOUR_WEBSITE/bacs200/inspire.html
* Try it now.


## Requirements
* Page bacs200/index.html exists with proper content
* Page bacs200/template.html exists with proper content
* Page bacs200/profile.html exists with proper content
* Page bacs200/inspire.html exists with proper content

