# Project 8 - Business Blog

### GOALS

Build a business blog using Bootstrap, which discusses a complex topic.


### Demonstrated Skills

Page Structure in HTML

* Header
* Main
* Footer
* Linked Stylesheets - Class stylesheet
HTML Elements

* Image
* Headings 1, 2
* Bullet List
* Paragraphs



Starting Template

* Use class template as a starting point for your page


### Business Blog

During this project you will create a business blog that discusses  a complex
issue that has social, economic, and political implications.

Feel free to select one of the current controversies:

* Response to Pandemic
* Long Term Stock Exchange
* Free Elections
* Immigration Reform
* Wealth Inequality
* Social Media and Extremism
* Social Justice Inequality
* Climate Change

**...or come up with your own topic**

We live in a day of extremism, when our ability to have a civil debate is at an
all-time low.  You will research an important topic to understand the social, 
economic, and political implications.

You will write a thoughtful article for your blog that presents a point of view 
and persuades others to adopt your view without resorting to slogans or clichés.

Discuss both sides of the debate (Pro and Con).  Create a great headline and three
subheadings: Social implications, Economic implications, Political implications, 
Conclusion.
Provide approx. 50-100 words on each area.


### Web Page Requirements

* Page is published at "bacs200/blog.html"
* Use the classes linked stylesheet
* Visually appeal:  Type, Color, Spacing, Alignment
* Create headline and four sub-headings
* Include one photo with text floating around it
* Cite any sources you use (preferrably with a hyperlink, if possible)
* Create a page that builds professional credibility

