# Project 10 - Marketing Page


## Goals

Select a business or cause worth investing in. Build a one page marketing website for that organization. Use all of the technical and 
business skills you learned in BACS 200.

This page will be used to gather interested people and connect them to the
organization.  You must research the organization and create a marketing pitch that 
tells their vision.

Focus on producing a high-impact website that tells a compelling business story.

## Organizations

Types of organizations to consider

* Non-profit
      * Charities
      * Non-government organizations
      * Justice-seeking organizations
      * City or county governments
      * Chambers of Commerce
      * Universities
      * Schools
      * Churches
      * Religious organizations
      * Hobby Clubs
      * Political groups
      * First responders
      * Veterans' support groups
      * Addiction groups
* For-profit
      * Local restaurant or grocery store
      * Hobby shop
      * Specialized shops
      * Car wash, laundromats, or other services

Design a simple but powerful web page to engage others.


## Connect

By doing this work, you have created a valuable tool that may actually help 
the organization.

Connect with the organization and show them the work that you 
did. Meet with the leaders or send them a link to your page.  Offer to 
make the content available to them free of charge.

Make any changes to the content that they desire to maximize the benefit.
Your actions may have a profound impact on the organization.  Who 
knows where it might lead?

In the past, this project has opened doors for many students.  By engaging 
with the community you discover more about your own interests and
connect with some great people.  A web design project gives you instant
credibility and is an excellent way to 
expand your sphere of influence.

This project also acts as a proof-point of your design capability when 
looking for a paying job.


## Tips

* Use your page template to create a new page
* Use one of your existing stylesheets, or create a new one if more appropriate.
* Provide a review or describe the compelling purpose of the organization in 50 words or less.
* Use sections and lists to organize the main points you wish to make on your page.
* Invite the site visitor to take specific action(s)
* Use images to convey emotion
* Remember to follow the fair use rules for copyrighted content
* Share contact info for the organization
* Use the [validator](https://validator.w3.org) to check for errors

## Requirements

* Starting page is located at correct URL (bacs200/marketing.html)
* All pages validate and are free of errors (such as broken links)
* A stylesheet is linked, which includes at least 5 CSS rules
* Verbiage and overall design is professional


