# Project 15 - WordPress Conversion

## Convert an existing page to WordPress

WordPress is the leading CMS in the world, currently used by over a third of all websites globally.  Your goal in this project will be to select one of your existing pages and recreate it in WordPress, utilizing the tools and framework that WordPress provides.  This method of web developement will noteably require less coding and more use of graphical user interface (GUI) tools.  You will also familiarize yourself with the publishing workflow process as you publish your page to be viewed publicly.

## Instructions

1. Use the WordPress account you created in class on 4/26 or create a new one.  Make sure to only use a **free** account unless you have a personal desire to pay for the service.
2. Create a new site in WordPress under the domain name of &lt;your bears account&gt;.wordpress.com (which should be **free**).
3. Select one of your existing pages from GitHub Pages to convert to WordPress.  Verify the requirements for that page as **it must be complete** when published to WordPress.
4. Create a new **home page** or edit the existing one to make it mirror your selected GitHub page as closely as possible.  You will have to [research](https://wordpress.com/support/) and explore the WordPress toolset in order to accomplish this.  Use your coding knowledge to add any special HTML to your page using the code view.
5. Publish your page when it is finished.  Make sure your WordPress site is also "launched" via the Settings menu.  Verify that when you visit &lt;your bears account&gt;.wordpress.com on your phone or other device, your page loads.
